hi welcome everyone on the
nien shock nonnies so for this
first Christmas recipe I propose you
shortbread cookies with spices and
salt crystals every step very
simple video
we start this recipe with butter
and the spices to you take a little
salad bowl you put butter ointment
so I was a little bit too hard
I had just come out
from the fridge
not really thought about taking it out before
really for it to be very fluffy
so you put the butter you go
add the spices so cinnamon
cardamom and honey then honey you
can take honey any simple mail
of honey forest thousand fairground flowers what
that you have at home and then
you start mixing a little bit
and you will add the icing sugar
so that's kind of lumps
drop because I tell you again my
butter to me was really too hard
so thought about going out before that then
you mix up so get one
kind of dough a little creamy
then you will add an egg
whole that you have previously beaten
so as beaten in omelette you
add it to mix the preparation
a minute and then you go
finished so preparing the dough
with the flour you add to it
as you mix and then
here you can finish
possibly with your little mimines
from here you take it out of the salad bowl
it's easier so you work
the dough but really 30 seconds not
more sensible not worth it is not a
bread dough that we do so here you go
knead it a little bit 30 seconds and
then you will take a movie
food and you'll put it in
ball wanting to roll and place you at
fridge for about two hours
so this is a step that is not
obligatory if you are in a hurry
do not put in the cool but hey when
even better
the result is better when we place
fresh
then there the exit of the fridge the dough goes
to be hard enough so you warm her up
in your hands you knead it to
again a few seconds and then to
will become again ultra flexible and you
have more than flour and the plan of
work wanted you were going with a
rolling pin so no matter the
shape we did not care wanted talent and the
coffee moment about 4 5 mm
thick it is not necessary that it is
Too hungry you must not be too
thick either so once you
get this thickness you go
take cookie cutters out of your
choice and you're coming so cut off
full of forms
inside this dough so there
obviously we are under the theme of Christmas
so here find fir stars
snowmen etc
and then when you have more room
you take the shortbread you go
deposit them directly on the
hob and then you go
pick up the rest of the dough to form
a ball and you are it was going to
new and we start again the
tables until there is no more
skate so once you've dropped
so all the shortbread on the plate of
oven you bake them at 180 degrees to
mid height for 10 minutes so
following the ovens monitor cooking
so it's going pretty fast and in fact there
simply need them to be well
gold- plated after you can decorate
your sand and it's not mandatory either
want to taste as it is
put in an airtight box and that
can be kept for several days
can continue therefore the decoration in
making a royal icing so with some
lemon icing sugar a few drops
lemon or a small lemon juice and
with an egg white so we went up in
agen
for the royal icing so it's fast
to make you put icing sugar on
lemon on top and then you go
so add the egg that was beaten in
snow and you mix so up
really get a seamless texture
smooth and shiny
so here is the royal icing is ready
wanted to go straight away
on the sands and so layered
averages so that's it's white
well petain so after you go
let it dry for a few hours
can go further in the
decoration by putting a few drops
for example food coloring
to make simple towards
yellow stars what you want you
can also use so that's it
the food powder so here you are
put directly over the frosting
so there are red yellows
there are lots of colors so that makes
a nice little iridescent effect and
then you can also use if
you want to gel pens so
such food and there you can
draw the outline of fir tree you
can make small ones small
points of the stars of the hearts end what
you go through the head
So here are first Christmas recipes
finished in any case it's a workshop
very nice to do with your children if
you buy a little bit of material
so gels and dyes I think
that they will be happy so for
the arrival of christmas is really nice to
to do in any case delicious especially the
discrete little spices and then the
small salt crystals with small
pieces there that crunches under the tooth
finally really nice so do not hesitate
not to make the recipe to decorate them to
to have fun is really nice
so here I wish you a good
appetite as usual the proportions
are on youtube but also on facebook
by looking schockmel you can me
follow on twitter by searching
schockmel cooking and I tell you to
very soon for new videos
or